The purpose of Saga 001 is to describe the early life of [[Fennel]]; her backstory from childhood to leaving the [[Construct Army]]. This is a significant span of time with a lot of potential to write about, I may add a Saga 022 to split [[Fennel]]'s early life and her time in the [[Construct Army Academy]] and [[Construct Army|army]].
The first quarter of the story should focus on [[Fennel]]'s time in [[Fleurvale]]. The reader should fall in love with the village by the time she leaves, and feel something of her loss as the journey to the capital begins.
*Consider telling the story from the perspective of Fennel's parents.*
Start small and build out; establish [[Fennel]]'s family: [[Roland]], [[Sarah]], and her brothers and herself.
Then establish her relationship with others in the village. I need the "adversary" that gets [[Fennel]] in trouble with the [[Auctorita Mine]] beneath the village, someone to represent the whole of the hardship. I also need one or two representatives for "the village"; people who act as barometers for how the village sees [[Fennel]]. That would be about 7-8 characters: family of four or five and three or so other villagers sounds good for this first part of the story.
I suppose that each scene should establish one or two traits foreach character.
[[Fennel]] is a bit precocious and wants to be a knight.
[[Roland]] indulges in [[Fennel]]'s dream and begins her training. He will discuss the horrors of the campaigns when she is old enough.
[[Sarah]] doesn't want her children going to fight and risk their lives for others; she wants to keep them close and alive, but learns that the dreams of her children are greater than what [[Fleurvale]] can accommodate. *I think that there is a good quote in my first storybook that should be checked, at the end of the sequence where Fennel is on the run from the Construct Army after deserting.*
Fennel's brothers are close-knit and fun-loving, they aspire to be a knight like their older sister, but are not as dedicated, they enjoy being children while she strives only for her vision of the future *(this is a plot point that pivots when Fennel gets injured, she can no longer achieve her vision, at least until she discovers Construct technology)*. As a result, [[Fennel]] is a little more distant with her brothers than with her parents, or between the brothers; their interests don't always align and so they do things apart.
The village blacksmith is a close friend of [[Roland]]; maybe he made weapons or the soldiers during the campaigns, maybe he marched with them or maybe his forge was commandeered when [[Fleurvale]] was conquered; his parents may have passed the forge to him, and he bears their legacy as great weaponsmiths. In any case, he now spends his days shoeing horses and other odd jobs for the farmers and the like around town.
The adversary is a child about [[Fennel]]'s age. His purpose is to set up the self-forgiveness arc. *He initiates the incident that injures Fennel.* Thus there need only be a single inciting incident that [[Fennel]] struggles with. It doesn't need to be continuous bullying; just one moment of weakness for [[Fennel]] to replay in her mind in myriad ways. It can't be continuous bullying anyway, [[Roland]] wouldn't let that happen to his precious daughter. I should set up characteristics that justify the inciting incident.

<b>The incident that gets Fennel injured.</b>
	Fennel finds herself in the [[Auctorita Mine]] beneath [[Fleurvale]]. She gets injured by the monster guarding the [[Auctorita]] crystals and her parents (probably just [[Roland]]) save her. The adversary goes largely unpunished for what transpires.
	The most important part is nailing the crux:
	/ 
	If [[Fennel]] had decided to do something, she thinks the incident wouldn't have happened. Yet in the moment she feels helpless and so doesn't act in any other way. This is the one time in her life that she allowed someone to have their way with her, and she won't let it happen again.
	/
	The reference for this kind of incident is the time a fellow secondary school pupil broke my favourite pen, and I couldn't get him punished for it. Whenever I thought about the issue, I would think of the various shows of force so that I could take my pen from him before he broke it. Yet, I needed to look good in front of my crush who sat on my left, and so there was nothing to be done The teacher noticed and was nominally concerned with the heinous offence before her (now that I think of it, she wasn't very concerned with the plight of her students, on a later occasion a student said "I can't breathe" and the teacher instructed him to do his best...). However, the teacher briefly reprimanded the vile student with words, and carried on. This was just enough of an address to the problem such that it was considered "dealt with"; I couldn't escalate a "handled problem". The same student after breaking my pen asked me to not escalate because he needed to have a clean record of no misbehaviour in class.
	/
	So how is the inciting event structured?
	There is the initial acceptance of a Lose-Win; I gave him one of my pens (not my favourite) so that he could do the work in class.
	The situation is exploited, he takes my favourite pen.
	(Now, I do goad him and say that it is impossible to dismantle my favourite pen but that isn't important, he took it apart and then deformed the spring inside; the spring was irreplaceable and so the pen was broken.)
	The crux: indecision. I would have liked to use force now in hindsight to prevent him from messing with my favourite pen, but I had to look good for my crush, and so I didn't. Instead is one of the rare times in my life that I publicly cry. The situation is such that my decision to stand up for myself is overridden by my need to be a "good person", I had at the time a boundary that I was not to cross.
	The Fallout, after breaking the pen, the teacher notices and does nothing, but just enough of a something so as to prevent any real consequence. Thereafter the student asks me not to escalate. Later I attempt to escalate and discover that the problem "had been dealt with" just enough to not warrant escalation.
	/
	So the structure is as follows:
	Accept a Lose-Win; do someone a favour
	The Lose-Win gets exploited, but non-critically.
	The Crux; get torn between behaving inappropriately and letting the bad thing happen. The bad thing is allowed to happen.
	The Fallout; realise that there is no closure nor consequence for the bad thing happening; the only time that a punishment or preventative action could have been achieved was in The Crux, and now The Crux is The Past.
	/
	This resulted in my seed of unforgiveness. It took me a long time to forgive him for breaking my favourite pen (it's complicated, I had somewhat forgiven him enough to treat him like almost like any other student by the end of the year, but I was still bitter), and a longer time to realise that I also needed to forgive myself for letting him break it (like, 5-6 years later I did Freedom in Christ and finally autopsied the whole mess and discovered that this was one of about two times I let someone have their way with me; a good man at the table suggested that I needed to forgive myself; I couldn't thank him enough).
	The reason why it was difficult to untangle was because I always imagined using force to get my pen from him. The real focus was *what I should have done differently*, but what it felt like was *what he had done to me*; the whole memory is bitter, so the real cause of my bitterness was hidden behind the natural idea that it was the other party's fault.
	*Note that the student probably wasn't malicious when he broke the pen, he was probably just overstepping boundaries. As much as it is his fault for his stupid behaviour, he hadn't anticipated the consequence himself. Probably. I never asked.*
	Now, my instinct is that some people would find the above to be "traumatic". I don't recognise it as such. I should ask around to see what other people think. The reason why I don't recognise it as trauma is because I never really thought about it until Christians start talking about forgiveness. I still remember significant detail about the event, more than I care to write, it must be a "flashbulb memory" brought about from my grief over my pen. It did warp me in subtle ways; I learn to fight so that people can't have their way with me, and so that I can have mine with trouble makers. Nevertheless, it hurts, but it isn't a burden, it shaped me but didn't consume me. Now, I wouldn't have it any other way. God uses the bad now for the good later; his machinations are far beyond the sliver of reality any one human can perceive.
	/
	Sorry Zac, I understand that the above was rather long but this is my thought streamed to page. I introduce the broad strokes, recount the exact incident, then identify the key points so that I can replicate the effect for [[Fennel]]. The purpose of the Saga is to reflect upon my life, and this is a meaningful element.