<b>I need the name of the village before the Flame Knights got there. And probably a better one for thereafter.
I also need a description of the Auctorita Mine to explain the cold conditions partway up a mountain, and maybe how the monster hunters learned to use the Auctorita in the first place.</b> Maybe in years people got stranded partway up the mountain, because you need to traverse an [[Auctorita Mine]] to reach it. Travelers made it up the mountain, but then discovered the monster when they tried to go back down, thus they remained up the mountain as an isolated community until the Crown's soldiers slew the monster on their conquest up it. I could say that the soldiers were volunteers. The crown had received a request from a haggard villager that escaped the mountain, but because the mountain village was a low priority objective and the villager's report described such a dangerous monster, the mission was volunteer only. This automatically filters the kind of people who discover the village and later become Flame Knights because the philosophy of the creed is already set in their heart: "Burn all you have to pull those you love out of the fire".
The mountainside town in which the [[Order of the Flame Knights]] was founded.
Before the [[Order of the Flame Knights]] was founded, the village was comprised of [[Monster Hunter]]s that retrieved [[Auctorita]] for the first time from [[Auctorita Mine]]s. They developed a technique to use the crystal to warm their homes in spite of the harsh winters. The mine is not discussed with outsiders for fear that they get hurt.
When the Crown's soldiers passed by the village to conquer it, the residents saw no need for resistance for they understood that nothing would change for them; the terrain alone made the journey of the soldiers arduous, and they didn't have anything of value except the [[Auctorita]] that they withheld from the soldiers.

When a small band of soldiers returned upon completing their time in the campaign, they returned to the [[Flame Knight's Founding|village]] and integrated into the community, learning about [[Auctorita]] and concluding that it could be an asset in a fight. Thus they began studying and training, This is the birth of the [[Order of the Flame Knights]].

Razed in 4AD by the [[Revolutionaries]]. It is said that no stone stands upon another in this place, and precious few people know about what transpired there, and fewer bore witness.
There was rising tension between the [[Revolutionaries]] and the Flame Knights when the former came upon the village. There were people in both parties that sought violence and others that sought diplomacy. Both parties communicated courteously with each other.
They came to a deal that the [[Revolutionaries]] be given access to [[Auctorita]], so long as no one gets hurt. Now, the [[Revolutionaries]] were given orders before travelling to the village that they should destroy the Flame Knights that they encounter. The commander of the [[Revolutionaries]] intended to not mention the Flame Knights' involvement in the discovery of [[Auctorita]] out of respect for their past deeds, himself and to his family had been saved by the Flame Knights and he wanted to repay that debt. Rigid members of the [[Revolutionaries]] initiated the fight in the village; and then insisted upon their bloody victory that there should be no witnesses to the event here, for it would damage the reputation of the fledgling government. They took all the [[Auctorita]] they could carry and returned to the government, claiming that they found a [[Auctorita Mine|vein of Auctorita]] and were attacked by monsters. This justifies why so many of the outgoing party had died.
Now, if the government did find out about how [[Auctorita]] was rediscovered, the majority would have condemned the people who initiated the massacre, in spite of its necessity to maintain the early order. Nevertheless, those who initiated the fight intend to take the secret to their graves.